Minutes of the Fort Collins Creator Hub meeting
2014/09/03 7pm, Jukebox Quilts

Ben couldn't make it; SteveU presiding.

= Committee Check-in

== Finance

No change to bank account to report.

Hoping to set up donation button on website soon. To support this, we need to
pick a payment processor. We'll also need one for invoicing and/or accepting
monthly dues when the time comes.

AI: Curt to investigate payment-processing options, and provide a report to
the group next meeting.

First Bank will take donations in person without the donor needing to know
FCCH account details.

Discussion re: founders fees. Curt: Too early to recommend a target number of
people and/or an amount. We need to get a business plan in place to project
what we need.

== Education

Intro to Arduino class held 8/23. ~13 attendees out of 15 signed up. At least
2 people found out via newspaper. Publicity is working:-)

Intro to Electronics class being held 9/7. See meetup.com for details.
http://www.meetup.com/Fort-Collins-Creator-Hub/events/200236232/

== Location

Volunteers for location committee:
Stephen Warren
Curt
Doug Drees
Mike
Jon Lotz

We need an objective way to compare potential locations. The business plan will
drive some of this.

AI: Mike: Set up poll on meetup to find out what people want out of the space.

Question: Is a distributed space viable (e.g. 1 location for Arduinos, another
for classes, another for a wood shop, etc.)? No conclusion at present.

The basement at Jukebox Quilts is available. We viewed the space. It's ~1800
square feet. Currently has a bulit-in dark room. Venting might be available.
24-hour access might be available. Rent: make an offset.

Doug mentioned a warehouse/school location he knows of near the old air park.

Update on Carnegie building: Jill (at the city) has been on vacation. She's
still talking to people. No real update yet.

AI: Everyone: Send any information you have about potential locations
(address, web link, contact details, etc.) to:
Stephen Warren <swarren@wwwdotorg.org>

AI: StephenW: Create some repository/document to collate the potential
location information.

== Social

AI: Everyone: Go and vote on logo choice ASAP. See request on meetup.com.

Options are:
http://www.meetup.com/Fort-Collins-Creator-Hub/photos/24091962/

Sent your vote (for up to 3 choices) to:
Sierra Tamkun <sierra.tamkun@gmail.com>

Still need content (project blogs, pictures, etc.) to put on the website.
Any kind of examples of projects people are working on. Send your photos,
videos, and write-ups to:
Diana Sproul <diana@sproulcreative.com>

AI: Ben: Add link to our website (www.fortcollinscreatorhub.org) to the
"About us" link/popup on meetup.com.

= Maker Faire

Booth is booked.

10 entry bands are included, for booth staffing.

Variety of activities would be good.
- Squishy circuits (conflict: the library will be doing this).
- Paper rockets.
- Marshmallow/toothpick structures.
- Let people program Arduinos.
Send ideas to Mark.

Need a donation jar at the booth, and online donations to be set up.

Handouts with our information needed.

AI: Mark to set up volunteer sign-up sheet (set-up, booth staff, tear-down).

AI: Mark to finalize list of activities by next meeting.

= Bylaws

Google Docs folder:
https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B_ux2VNo1Y5qcVNqeWFoaHU3TzA&usp=sharing

Bylaws document:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_6suj9VPslPi8EptEzGPS8mbTcAW7ht1VwG74RNPJhM/edit

AI: Everyone: Please read and comment on the bylaws on the Google doc.

Still a number of comments outstanding on the Google doc.

AI: Erik: Set up a bylaw review meeting finalize them.

= Fewer meetings?

Suggested: Monthly general meetings. Bi-weekly board meetings only.
- Might increase attendance at general meetings?
- Allows planning/board meetings to be more focused.

No conclusion, some support, and no strong resistance.
