Minutes of the Fort Collins Creator Hub meeting
2014/09/17 7pm, Carnegi building, Mugs coffee shop

Provisional Board Members present:
Ben Gondrez
Stephen Warren
Steve Undy
Curt Oliver
and many other members

= Carnegie building tour

Huge class-room space available. This would be shared space. I believe we
could use this (now?) irrespective of where we set up our space.

A couple of other rooms available for the maker space itself.

Right next to a TV studio though; potential noise issues.

= Final logo selection

Options 5 and were the most popular in the previous vote.

As a reminder, the options were:
http://www.meetup.com/Fort-Collins-Creator-Hub/photos/24091962/

Voted 5:2 for logo option 8 over option 5

= Other events in the community

The library district has received a grant (in conjunction with the city) for
the creation of maker space. This will be targetted at under-served youth
specifically. I believe this is an extension of their existing mobile maker
space program.

= Bylaws & related

Erik set up a working meeting to work on the bylaws. During the meeting, we
started re-structuring the bylaws, getting about 1/3 of the way through.
Notable changes were made based on previous feedback:

- Members elect a Board. Board membership doesn't imply a specific title.
- Board self-organizes to elect Officers (President, VP, etc.).
- Clarification of details such as voting rules, definition of a member, etc.
- Various consistency fixes.
- Various formatting cleanup.

Another working meeting was held the next day, and we're now roughly 1/2 to
2/3 of the way through the editing process. Another working meeting will be
held 9/18.

To move the whole Creator Hub process forward, we will:
- Finalize the proposed bylaws in working meetings.
- Distribute the proposed bylaws to the Board for initial approval. We intend
  this to be complete by the next meeting.
- Post the proposed bylaws, and announce a public comment period to the general
  membership. This period will likely run for a couple of weeks.
- Incorporate any feedback into an updated version of the proposed bylaws.
- Subject the proposed bylaws to a yes/no vote by the general membership.

AI: Stephen/Curt: Hold the working meeting to finalize the proposed bylaws.

We will send an email to all FCCH Members on Meetup.com announcing the meeting
date and location. As part of that email, we will also announce a survey to
find out what activities and equipment people consider mandatory in order to
pay founders fees, start paying monthly membership fees, and continue to pay
monthly membership fees.

AI: Ben: Create this survey, e.g. on Google Forms. This should be ready in the
same time-frame as the proposed bylaws, so they can be announced in a single
message to all members.

We also intend to do the following at the meeting where the bylaws are voted
upon:
- Vote in the Board.

AI: Erik (and Ben?): Work on writing a business plan.

= Finance

Should we add payment button to meetup, e.g. to accept founding member
contributions?

Curt asserts: Better to first adopt bylaws, get Board in place, create
business plan before accepting donations.

Should we solicit or accept donations at Maker Faire?

Decided it wasn't really the focus of the Maiker Faire. Instead, it's better
to get people interested in the space, signed up to meetup.com etc., so they
get involved and/or are aware of our activites. Donations/fees can come once
we're closer to having a physical space.

Discussed various payment options for website, founders fees, etc. PayPal,
WePay, Stripe, Amazon, Square, Intuit, ... Suggested PayPal or Stripe.

StephenW noted that Loveland CreatorSpace had serious issues using QuickBooks
online, and was planning to switch to their desktop application soon.

AI: StephenW: Send LCS treasurer's contact info to Curt to discuss QuickBooks
issues.

= Location

StephenW collected information re: some potential locations in Google docs,

StephenW attempted to contat some realtors to start the conversation. Not
much luck yet, but will keep tryin.

Curt contacted the realtor for 320 Maple. Apparently it's off the rental
market now; the space is only for sale (~1.5m!)

AI: StephenW: Update Google Doc with that info.

Ben has lead on a friend's space near old airport.

AI: Ben: Add that info to the Google Doc once he has more details.

Carnegie & Jukebox Quilts locations: shared entrance isn't optimal; likely
imposes some restrictions on use/access.

= Maker Faire

Mark showed off his prototype for the Maker Fair activity. Laser cut
interlocking cardboard pieces that people will use to create a scultpure:-)
Some details are in his mailing list post, although unfortunately the archive
stripped his photo attachments:

http://www.meetup.com/Fort-Collins-Creator-Hub/messages/74091662/

AI: SteveU: Print survey re: people's expectations for the space on paper to
take to Maker Faire, so we can canvas non-Members.

AI: SteveU, Dan: Get vinyl sign made up for Maker Faire booth.

AI: SteveU: Set up signupgenius to arrange volunteers to staff the booth.

= Google drive (docs) reminder

FCCH's Google drive folder is:

https://drive.google.com/folderview?id=0B_ux2VNo1Y5qcVNqeWFoaHU3TzA&usp=sharing
