
# Minutes of the 2016/01/20 Board meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub
Held 7pm at Fort Collins Creator Hub
## Board Members Present
- Steve Undy
- Curt Oliver
- Erik Andersen
- Jim Zdunek
-Lou Sharpe

Also attending:
April Undy
Brad

Before the regular board meeting, April Undy gave a presentation after her meeting with grant writer Erin Price. 

Links to April's presentation:

April's presentation:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1h3KaxAEg8xGNWpyNGqYLm-TJkVx77ChqBBD-EZ3262Y

April's notes from here meeting with Erin Price:
https://drive.google.com/open?id=1vSiSi_rzm8F-vLgN0TNPdl9uNYUuPPEA6xxbJuZv3n8


Board activities:

New maker space location search:

Curt talked about problems with realtors not returning calls and not many properties within our price range. The site near the Lewan company would require too much renovation cost; some sites near I25 and Mulberry were too far away from the center of town. Possible sites might be near Air Park. These sites come and go quickly but cost only $1800 to $2000 so it might be worth looking into. Another site is on North College Avenue near where the new Lryic Theater will be located.  Also mentioned was some building near Timberline and Mulberry that looked promising. The search continues...

Lou Sharpe on Marketing:

 Lou has found someone to distribute HUB posters for $35 /mo. Our  posters would be 11x17 size, with the bottom quarter blank to print out schedule of events. 

Lou also had a designer in mind and will get back to the board about pricing. Some graphic design themes could include a bicycle and community theme with robotics, electronics, 3D printing, laser cutter, collaboration, learning and instruction, music and art, woodworking and welding.

Jim is going to check out listing  non-profit activities in the Coloradoan newspaper

Grant proposals:
We may not have our act together to apply for a Pharos grant from the Bohemian Foundation this quarter but April will be looking into a small ($1000) grant to help pay for materials for our Arduino classes. Knowing how many members actually come and go in our workplace would help in achieving a grant application so we will work on a method for tracking usage at the HUB. It was agreed that a physical sign-up sheet would be a good start: Curt will make a sign-in sheet for now, but we would prefer some kind of electronic method in the future.


Security:
 Lou had some motion sensors to show at the meeting based on mbed HDK that would be open to hackers to practice Internet of things. It  might also let us know when the HUB  is occupied. The impression is that we are not getting enough member traffic into the HUB (we have nearly 600 meetup members). Could we hire a college student part-time or get a work-study person? Maybe in the near future.
The board thought that we may need to relax our posted hours and perhaps have a member contact a board member  when they want to work outside the scheduled hours.

Treasurer's Report:
Erik says we have over $13K. The board approved a measure to look into buying some additional equipment. Erik will get some  ideas for a small mill/drill machine and Steve will hunt down some vinyl cutters. 

Other Issues:
Who are the Crafters? The board expressed and interest in getting the crafter's group together. Curt 
volunteered to help identify our crafters and get them organized. (The craft area could use some organization as well)

The PCs donated from the sheriff's office need to be imaged with Linus and Windows. Brad agreed to work on the process.


Next Board Meeting
Wednesday, Febuary17 , 2016
