Minutes from the 20140625 planning meeting for Fort Collins Hackerspace
Held 7pm FCMOD (408 Mason Court, Fort Collins)

These minutes are somewhat out of order relative to the meeting; we jumped
around a bit, and I re-ordered to highlight what I thought were important
parts.

= Next meeting

Wed Jul 2nd 7pm
Location TBD, see meetup

= Choosing our name

We started with the list of names proposed at our first meeting, and whittled
the list down by eliminating entries that didn't work or people didn't like
until we had a manageable list for a vote. The remaining options were:

- FoCo Creates!
- Creator Hub
- Fort Collins Maker Space
- Idea Foundry
- Maker Forge

AI Ben: Set up poll on meetup. It will run for approx. 1 week, ending soon
before our next meeting, where we intend to ratify the name.

= Board creation

The following people volunteered to be on the board. Specific positions and
time-frame are not decided, except secretary. It was mentioned that the initial
board need not last a full term (which is undefined at present), but could be
re-elected once we get more established.

Ben Gondrez
Dan Brown
Gretchen Maculo
Jim Zdunek
Renee Mensing
Stephen Undy
Stephen Warren (secretary)

= What is the group/space

- Education (especially children) mentioned multiple times
- Access to tools/equipment
- Learn new skills (internal classes)
- Do it together, community, shared projects
- Encourage others to learn, join
- Go outside space to advocate, hold classes?

= Monetary structure of group

- Affects structure of board, positions
- For profit?
-- There's a recent trend for some community groups to go for-profit (simpler?)
- Non-profit?
-- Easier to get donations, tax deductions

Attendees seemed generally in favor of non-profit.

= Is FC in competition with Loveland CreatorSpace

- No; LCS got started with help from Tinkermill will pay it forward
- LCS definitely wants other spaces to succeed, grow a community
- Some fear re: loss of revenue
- There has been some discussion of cross-membership amongst CO Maker Spaces,
  but nothing is in place yet

= Contacts or useful people to talk to

It was suggested to defer some contacts until our name is solidified. This
will give people a specific name to latch on to.

- Need to contact all the different CSU spaces
  Get them to meetings for cross-pollination etc.
  Some CSU spaces are outreach, not internal
  Renee to contact the outreach space.
- Rocky Mountain Innosphere
  Renee(?) to contact
- United Way; lots of linking volunteers w/ people needing them
- SBDC: Small Business Development Center 970 498 9295
- Wolverine
  Dan to contact
- Ben talking to city re: creative district. Can we be involved?
- Stephen talked to Russ Cuniff (city council member). Not sure what will
  come out of this yet.

= Where to upload the minutes:

- Long term: github or Google docs?
- Short term: investigate files area on meetup

AI Ben: talk to Cody re: board members having meetup.com admin ability or
whatever is appropriate.
