# Minutes of the 2015/04/15 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm River Rock Common House

# General membership meeting

# Board meeting

## Board Members Present

- Curt Oliver
- Steve Undy
- Erik Andersen
- Stephen Warren
- Jim Zdunek

## Approval of 2015/04/15 minutes

Approved.

## Treasurer's report

Erik reported our income, current balance, outgoings.

We've had another Founders donation.

Lease payment check has been written. Purchases were made for the door lock.
Upcoming payment for the 501(c)3 application.

Application for Payline Data merchant acount has been filled in and filed.
We haven't heard back from them yet.

## 501c3 filing

> AI: Curt, StephenW, Erik: Co-ordinate a meeting to finalize financial data
> in the application form.

Done.

The board voted to file the forms.

We'll pay the $450(?) (cheaper) fee, since our projected revenues are much
lower than the cut-off for the higher fee.

AI: StephenW: File the form.
Get the check on Saturday from Curt once the exact fee is confirmed.

Hunter notes that faxing the forms (rather than mailing) will yield quicker
processing by the IRS.

## Misc AIs

> AI: Curt: Send updated version [of Articles of Incorporation] to the state.

Done.

> AI: HughW: Research the cutter options and provide a report to the board.

Work in progress.

> AI: Erik: Take lead on designing the posters [to advertize the space].

Activity/meeting is scheduled.

> AI: StephenW: Order some business cards.

Done.

> AI: Brad to provide more details [of some electronic internal locks] and a
> parts list with costs.

Rizomma document created. Work in progress.

## Location updates

> AI: Curt: Check with Kelly on status, try to obtain a definite date.

Done. Lease signed. Getting keys and moving in on 5/2 ~9am. Basement is
empty, so ready for us. Walls around water heater and some drywall missing,
but habitable. Some sprinkler work remaining; will happen during the coming
week.

External door reader: Striker and PSU arriving Thu. Electronic unit will
arrive next week. Likely will install it weekend of 5/9. Board approved
purchase of ~30-40 more keyfobs and cards. For access before we have this
installed, contact board@fortcollinscreatorhub.org to see if a board member
can come and let you in (Curt lives close and likely can do this).

AI: Board on move-in day: Get keys duplicated for the interior door, for all
members.

AI: Curt: Follow up on all offers of equipment donations the board has
received.

## Maker camp

> Is there any interest in FCCH hosting a Maker Camp this summer?
> http://makercamp.com/affiliate-program/

Yes, there is definite interest.

AI: SteveU: Investigate in more detail (costs, possible time commitment,
"business model")

Other local companies/organizations with outreach programes were mentioned:
Sparkfun 
My blue shed

## Sponsorship level for startup week

The process of setting up (accepting) sponsorship for the startup week is
nearing the end.

Maker day is Wed 27th 10am-5pm. Purpose is to introduce people to the concept
of making. Theme is steam-punk. Costumes for station staffers are optional.

We agreed to cover two stations: Monacles, sigils. This essentially just
means providing man-power to run the stations. We'll also provide a (or run a
borrowed) 3D-printer as a live tech demo, but not feeding into the production
process, for simplicity.

AI: SteveU: Process and fill in the event sponsorship packet that Hunter
will send.
(We'll receive a $500 sponsorship deal in-kind for manning the stations.
There's an option to pay/donate cache on top to increase our sponsorship
level).

## Creation of a sponsorship packet

Hunter Buffington wrote:
> ... Through these conversations, an opportunity to pass on materials, tools
> and resources to the Creator Hub when it opens has arisen. Specifically Tony
> and Alysia at Eco-Thrift are interested in Sponsoring the Space with
> donations. Can we give them a space for a banner at the hub and recognition
> on the website in exchange for this? I know that in creating a work station
> for crafting that would be amazing and it would be available for any area.
>
> I know that we are accepting donations currently, but I would be willing to
> create a Sponsor Packet for the Hub itself so that we can explore other
> business or corporate sponsors. (ACE Hardware is also interested!) Let me
> know your thoughts and Happy Wednesday

We agreed that having a sponsorship packet is a good idea. We'll defer
actively pursuing it until we have our 501c3 approval.

## Community outreach

> Discuss communities we can involve in FCCH, and partnerships we can build.

Discussion deferred until a later meeting.

## Status of our website

Discussion deferred until a later meeting.

## Any other business

### Space scheduling discussion

AI: StephenW: Create a brief policy doc re: approving other groups' use of
the space, and perhaps a separate doc for class scheduling.

### Consumables in the space

We'll label any consumables with a cost. People will hopefully pay (into
donation pot) when they use items. We'll assume the honor system to start
with, and see how that works out.
