# Agenda for the 2015/03/18 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

The meeting will consist of two parts: A general membership meeting and
activities, followed by a board meeting.

# General membership meeting

# Board meeting

## Approval of 2015/03/04 minutes

## Status of misc AIs assigned previous meetings

AIs relevant to other sections such as tax filing are included in those
sections.

> > AI: Curt: Try and get the address validated on Google+ page. Use personal
> > address if needed.
>
> Access issues; will retry with the creatorhubfc@gmail.com account.

> AI: StephenW to send everyone their Wordpress user ID.

> > AI: Curt: Send FCCH Logo to Chris Snook to be placed on launchnoco.com web
> > site.
>
> Not yet done.

> > AI: SteveU: Follow up on [Poudre Library District summer program].
>
> Not yet done.

> AI: StephenW: Set up Brad with b@fortcollinscreatorhub.org email address
> (IMAP/POP rather than forward) in order to arrange some events on behalf of
> FCCH.

> AI: StephenW: Create contacts spreadsheet on Google Drive.

## Founders donation solicitation update

> AI: StephenW: Send out Founders Fee solicitation ASAP - tonight/tomorrow.

## Treasurer's report

We need to order checks to pay the bills.

## 2014 tax filing

## 501c3 filing progress

Report on meeting with Hunter Buffington? Any comments after 501c3 review?

## Location updates

### The Art Center basement (Jukebox Quilts)

#### Lease

> AI: Curt: Trigger lease signing based on having 3 months rent in the bank.
> Inform Kelly of the situation re: our intent to move forward and exactly what
> gates this.

#### Insurance

We need to arrange for insurance.

#### Electronic/keycard access

To enable 24x7 access, we need to investigate a keycard door lock. Preferably
one that allows existing keys to work for existing tenants as well as our
elecronic access.

### 222 Walnut

### David Prawel's proposed space

> AI: StephenW: Set up a meeting with David to get more details, etc.

We should discuss who will liaise with David going forward.

Report on meeting with David. Any comments/updates?

## Any other business
