# Agenda for the 2015/06/24 Board meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

## Approval of 2015/06/10 minutes

Approved.

## Treasurer's report

No changes from last meeting. At 11 members - $575/month revenue.

We're nearly at the end of our tax year. We need to get organized to fill in
and file our tax forms. Hopefully our 501c3 application will be approved
before we need to file, but we need to be ready either way, and find out
exactly what to do if we're not yet approved.

Need to close books and file taxes. Meeting scheduled for July 1. Tax year ends on June 30. Do we want to hire an accountant? Should be able to file a 990EZ. Already filled out, just need to update numbers.

AI: Curt: will contact CPA to see how much it would cost.

> AI: SteveU: Send email to Jeff Moe to thank him for his donation.

Done.

## Publicity/outreach report

> AI: Farra: Generate a report on progress at the next meeting.

Haven't heard from her.

## Education committee report

Jim Z held a meeting on 6/16. Jim will summarize data collected in a separate report. Will meet again on July 2 at Jim's house.

Do we want to run a teach the teachers class. Need to contact PSD.

AI: JimZ: will contact PSD.

## Equipment purchases/donations

### 3D printer donations

> AI: SteveU: Speak to Jamie about borrowing something from LCS in the mean
> time.

We have the 3D printers from Lulzbot. They didn't give us any marketing materials.

AI: SteveU: Contact Lulzbot to see if they want to give us materials.

SteveU bought 3kg of filament from Jamie. We should watch use. Curt heard about a 3D supplier in Denver that is willing to allow maker spaces to resell.

> AI: Hugh Wallace: Plan layout for printer station/shelving/...

Mostly done.

### Laser cutter/engraver

> AI: Hugh: Follow up on quotes.

Have a quote from Rabbit 10.5K for 2'x3' 80W. Manuals still mostly in Chinese
Still getting quote from FSL for similar specs.
Might want to David Prawel to see if he will buy one for us - donate (preferred) or loan

## Tier4 proposal

> AI: Lou: Talk to Mark to get details of prior discussions. Write a draft
> proposal and send it to the board for comments before the next meeting.

> AI: Anyone interested (ESPECIALLY ALL of the board): Come up with a list of
> around 5-6 points that are the most important things you'd like to see in any
> such agreement, and send them to the board <board@fortcollinscreatorhub.org>,
> Mark Roberts <mark@harbortronics.com>, and Lou <lhsharpe@gmail.com> for
> distillation.

Met and discussed on 6/24. Preliminary direction is to pursue this seriously.

## Denver Mini Maker Faire report

It went well. Talked to a lot of people waiting in line for Nerdy Derby.

> AI: StephenW: Get more business cards made to give out at the Faire.

It was too cost prohibitive to order more cards in time for the faire. I have
ordered 2500 more for the future.

They have arrived and are at FCCH.

## Any other business

Discussed drone club wanting to meet 1/week at FCCH. We decided that would be OK if one of their group becomes a member, otherwise 1/month would be fine. They also offered to teach drone classes.

Jean Bosch wants to collaborate on teaching classes - 2-3x/month at library. Started a doodle poll to set up a meeting to discuss this.

Request from Girl Develop It - Dawn Davis. Has 15 yo girl wants to mod Minecraft using Java. Suggestion is for her to contact Fort Collins Coding Hangout (on Meetup).

Curt would like to work on a group project. One idea is to build something for Tour De Fat (Sep 5).  Perhaps a 10-person bike. Some events: New West Fest, Tour De Fat, NoCo Mini Maker Faire, CSU "opening week" - first week of school. Idea: host at welding lab at Front Range CC. Things to dress up space (ala LCS): LED floor lights to highlight rock walls, bike wheel POV sculpture.  Bike co-op good source of bikes. Derive a display from gcode going to 3D printers.

Preliminary decision: build a POV scuplture using multiple bike wheels and a serpentine chain.

Nebulus AI: looking for bike wheels

AI: Steve U: bring in SpokePOV

