# Minutes of the 2015/02/04 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm Jukebox Quilts

# General meeting

We made our own Creator Hub T-shirts using a variety of fabric pens. Look for
photos on the meetup site soon.

# Board meeting

## Board members present

- Curt Oliver
- Steve Undy
- Stephen Warren
- Jim Zdunek

Erik Andersen absent due to illness. 

## Approval of 2015/01/21 minutes

Approved.

## Status of AIs assigned in 2015/01/21 meeting

> > AI: Rich Kopcho <rich@kopcho.com>:
> >
> > - Contact some/all of Colleen Ludwig, Erion Foundation (who managed Loveland
> >   CreatorSpace's 501c3 application) (via LCS Board to avoid any conflicts),
> >   and Erik's brother-in-law to get a lawyer to review the document.
> 
> Attempted. Colleen doesn't seem to exist. Will follow up with Kelly to get
> contact info, search for other lawyers.
...
> AI: Curt: Contact Kelly to get Colleen's contact info.
...
> AI: Rich: find Colleen or some other lawyer to review 501c3.

Contact made. Colleen Little not Ludwig. Not interested in in assisting FCCH.

Rich contacted a lawyer he knows in Denver, who does pro bono work. $500 to
review, a little over $1000 to review and submit (plus filing fee to IRS).

Rich contacted Linda Akey. Sounds expensive and drawn out. Won't pursue.

AI: Rich: Contact hoogendytax.com to check them out, CC board, update us.

Jim mentioned recommendations from School Foundry/Space Federation; to use a
local pro bono resource. Not sure they have any specific contacts though.

AI: Jim: Send the foundry/federation our 501c3 form in case they can review
it. Obtain any documentation the can supply, for reference.
 
> > AI: Curt: Refile our incorporation documents with the state to cover:
> >
> > - PO Box address.
> > - New bylaws.
> > - New officers.
> 
> Not completed. Aim to complete soon.

Done.

AI: Curt: Give on of the PO Box keys Stephen, likely at next meeting.

> > AI: Erik, Curt: Meet early on Tuesday (1/14) to start the taxes.
>
> Not completed; need to re-schedule.
...
> AI: Eric/Curt: Meet to file our tax form. Eric has started on the form.
> Need to complete this.

Erik has filled out the form. Not yet filed.

Curt has created a board-only sub-folder on Google Docs for this and any other
financial documents. Note that once we filed, we'll need to make the tax form
public.

AI: Curt/Erik: Work on finalizing/filing this ASAP.

AI: Board: Review the doc to double-check.

> AI: Erik to send StephenW a link to the treasurer's report to include in the
> minutes.

Not done.

Curt has created a form on Google Docs for Erik to use in the future.

> AI: StephenW: Add Google Drive link to minute, send to Rich.

Done.

> AI: StephenW: Validate that all board members have admin access to the
> linkedin group.

Done.

> AI: StephenW: Contact Kelly re: using Jukebox Quilts for the next meeting
> rather than Momo Lolo.

Done.

> AI: Brad: talk to Diana re: launching G+ page.

Done.

Kelly is OK with us using the Jukebox Quilts address to validate the page.

AI: StephenW: Check board are all admins of the G+ page, so we don't need
a separate login for the page.

AI: StephenW: Check where info@fortcollinscreatorhub.org email address goes,
validate that someone is monitoring it.

## Treasurer's report

Provided by email.

$800 donation to the account.

No expenditures.

$991 in account.

## 2014 tax filing

See discussion of AIs above.

## 501c3 progress

See discussion of AIs above.

## Any other business

### Denver Mini Maker Faire?

Should we attend?

Cons: far away.

Pros: Other northern spaces participate, and last year there quite a few
people from FC/Loveland were at the faire.

We need an activity. We probably need to describe this when filing for a
booth.

AI: SteveU: Follow up with LCS about a joint booth.

### Business Plan

Need ideas on realistic ways to ramp from nothing to where we want to be in
3 years. Which order to acquire items. How much they cost.

AI: Curt: Contact other maker spaces and groups to get some ideas.

AI: Everyone: Give thoughts to Curt.

### Jukebox Quilts basement rental

Following today's discussion between Curt and Kelly: Kelly will send us a
proposal re: expected rent, move-in costs she'd like us to cover, etc.
