# Agenda for the 2015/04/15 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

The meeting will consist of two parts: A general membership meeting, followed
by a board meeting.

# General membership meeting

# Board meeting

## Approval of 2015/04/15 minutes

## Treasurer's report

## 501c3 filing

> AI: Curt, StephenW, Erik: Co-ordinate a meeting to finalize financial data
> in the application form.

We believe the forms are complete. We need to vote to approve filing them.

## Location updates

> AI: Curt: Check with Kelly on status, try to obtain a definite date.

We need to plan move-in day.

## Misc AIs

> AI: Curt: Send updated version [of Articles of Incorporation] to the state.

> AI: HughW: Research the cutter options and provide a report to the board.

> AI: Erik: Take lead on designing the posters [to advertize the space].

> AI: StephenW: Order some business cards.

> AI: Brad to provide more details [of some elecronic internal locks] and a
> parts list with costs.

## Maker camp

Is there any interest in FCCH hosting a Maker Camp this summer?

http://makercamp.com/affiliate-program/

## Community outreach

Discuss communities we can involve in FCCH, and partnerships we can build.

## Sponsorship level for startup week

## Creation of a sponsorship packet

Hunter Buffington wrote:
> ... Through these conversations, an opportunity to pass on materials, tools
> and resources to the Creator Hub when it opens has arisen. Specifically Tony
> and Alysia at Eco-Thrift are interested in Sponsoring the Space with
> donations. Can we give them a space for a banner at the hub and recognition
> on the website in exchange for this? I know that in creating a work station
> for crafting that would be amazing and it would be available for any area.
>
> I know that we are accepting donations currently, but I would be willing to
> create a Sponsor Packet for the Hub itself so that we can explore other
> business or corporate sponsors. (ACE Hardware is also interested!) Let me
> know your thoughts and Happy Wednesday

## Status of our website

## Any other business

