# Agenda for the 2015/04/15 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

The meeting will consist of two parts: A general membership meeting, followed
by a board meeting.

# General membership meeting

# Board meeting

## Approval of 2015/04/01 minutes

## Status of misc AIs assigned previous meetings

None; all assigned AIs are in specific sections below.

## Treasurer's report

### Previous AIs

> AI: Erik: Contact Payline and investigate further; they don't have automatic
> sign-up e.g. like Paypal, but rather require you to apply and then hopefully
> approve you.

### Founders donation solicitation update

### Report

## 501c3 filing progress

### Previous AIs

> > AI: Curt: Upload to Google Drive the "Conflict of Interest" document given
> > to us by the CPA.
>
> Not yet done.

> AI: Hunter: Send board suggestion for text in the articles, adding CoI
> clauses etc.

> AI: Hunter: Send us a proposed Board of Directors Agreement.

> AI: Curt: Amend the articles of incorporation based on suggestions by Hunter.

> AI: Curt: Create proposed new bylaws document.

## Location updates

### Previous AIs

> AI: Brad: Investigate cheap electronic dead-bolt controls for the interior
> door.

> AI: StephenW: Let insurance know our expect move-in date. Get info from
> Kelly for the last few fields. Send signed form back. Get check from
> Erik/Curt when sending in the form.

### Insurance

Updates on the insurance application.

### Lease Signing

Any updates on the move-in date?

### Electronic door lock system purchase

We need to purchase one for the exterior door.

### Signage for the space

### Equipment list planning

## Membership fees

We need to set them before we move in and start signing up members.

## Any other business
