# Minutes for the 2015/03/18 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm Wild Boar

# General membership meeting

We built airplanes/gliders using foam plates, tape, hot glue, etc.

# Board meeting

## Board members present

- Curt Oliver
- Erik Andersen
- Stephen Warren
- Jim Zdunek

Steve Undy absent by arrangement. He allowed the board to discuss and vote
upon any issues that were likely to arise based on current activities.

## Approval of 2015/03/04 minutes

Approved.

## Status of misc AIs assigned previous meetings

AIs relevant to other sections such as tax filing are included in those
sections.

> > AI: Curt: Try and get the address validated on Google+ page. Use personal
> > address if needed.
>
> Access issues; will retry with the creatorhubfc@gmail.com account.

New validation postcard requested, with the correct address.

> AI: StephenW to send everyone their Wordpress user ID.

Done.

> > AI: Curt: Send FCCH Logo to Chris Snook to be placed on launchnoco.com web
> > site.
>
> Not yet done.

Done.

> > AI: SteveU: Follow up on [Poudre Library District summer program].
>
> Not yet done.

(Reported via email prior to the meeting).

SteveU has signed us up to do a program at the library on June 30 at 7pm:
"Discover Your Power of the Future". This will most likely involve the demo
of 3D printers and drones. He knows of at least 2 people who should be able
to show off their FPV drones. He'll bring his 3D printer and hopefully any
the Creator Hub has at that point.

> AI: StephenW: Set up Brad with b@fortcollinscreatorhub.org email address
> (IMAP/POP rather than forward) in order to arrange some events on behalf of
> FCCH.

Done.

> AI: StephenW: Create contacts spreadsheet on Google Drive.

Done. For now it's in the root folder, but might move to a more restricted
folder if we start adding non-public contact information.

## Founders donation solicitation update

> AI: StephenW: Send out Founders Fee solicitation ASAP - tonight/tomorrow.

Done.

## Treasurer's report

### Paypal

Paypal has $500 withdrawal limit per month! We can increase this by giving
them an SSN (maybe our EIN will work?) and credit card. Then it becomes
unlimited. We have a card from First Bank that we can use.

Erik investigate other options to solve the withdrawal issues:

- Can move money to Paypal debit card. But can we pay bills with that?

- Can pay bills from Paypal. Will be an ACH transfer; will many people accept
  that?

- They can mail us a check for a charge ($1.50/check).

Brad expressed concern that Paypal can cause our bank to block transactions
to our bank account (not just our Paypal account).

AI: Curt: Ask First Bank whether this is the case.

AI: Curt/Erik: Add EIN and credit card info to Paypal account so we can
withdraw unlimited amounts.

Should we use someone else ASAP? Paypal is simple and easy for now. Many
other options are available with comparable fees.

AI: Erik: investigate what other payment processors are available,
specifically concentrating on automated monthly invoicing or charging.

### Report

Income: ~$4000 income from Founders donations. $800 of that still in Paypal
for now. 11 Founders so far.

Expenses: $0.

Balance: ~$5000 between bank and Paypal; enough for roughly 3 months rent
plus annual insurance, plus 501(c)3 application fee.

### Other 

We need to order checks to pay the bills.

AI: Curt and/or Erik: Order checks.

## 2014 tax filing

Meeting with CPA Mon 23rd. We'll use the time to get a couple tax-related
questions answered re: the 501c3 application, the tax forms we're filing,
and possibly general 501c3 application review.

AI: Erik: Print out tax forms to take to the meeting (990 + schedule A).
Bring USB key with that and the 501c3 application too.

AI: StephenW: Bring laptop with tax and 501c3 forms in PDF as backup.

## 501c3 filing progress

At last Monday's meeting, Hunter Buffington offered to review our 501c3 forms.
She runs a business offering this service to other organizations. She'll
review ours and offer advice in exchange for Founder status. She's out of the
country at the moment, but hopefully will provide feedback in the near future.

## Location updates

### The Art Center basement (Jukebox Quilts)

#### Lease

> AI: Curt: Trigger lease signing based on having 3 months rent in the bank.
> Inform Kelly of the situation re: our intent to move forward and exactly what
> gates this.

Kelly has been informed of our situation. Electrician is now finishing up
lighting in the space. Lease signing imminent.

#### Insurance

We need to arrange for insurance.

StephenW got a quote from the agency (1aia.com) that does handles other
spaces.

AI: StephenW: Space size is 1330 sq. ft. not 1800 as originaly thought;
communicate this to insurance broker. Hopefully it should reduce the premium.

AI: StephenW: Get the official application forms to move forward with the
cheaper (and more detailed) of the two quotes.

#### Events

We want to get at least 2-3 months worth of weekend events planned for when
the space opens, to pull people into the space.

AI: Everyone: Propose classes you can give, so we can schedule them.

#### Electronic/keycard access

To enable 24x7 access, we need to investigate a keycard door lock. Preferably
one that allows existing keys to work for existing tenants as well as our
elecronic access.

Kelly is on board with setting this up. Possibly open to sharing some of the
cost since this would be a building improvement. We'll defer most active
investigation of this until lease signing. Hopefully we can inspect the
existing door/lock/mounting at that time.
 
### 222 Walnut

Possibility of trading rent for work on improvements to the building; options
are in flux.

We're definitely interested in pursuing this, but are expending our immediate
energies on booting up the Art Center location. The building needs work which
will have need planning and lead time.

### David Prawel's proposed space

> AI: StephenW: Set up a meeting with David to get more details, etc.

Done. Happened 3/9.

David is planning on setting up a large-scale maker space in Fort Collins.
The idea is to address a wide range of markets from the traditional community
maker space crowd through to corporate interests who desire very high end
machines such as sintering metal-based "3D printers" etc. Funding is in place
for perhaps a couple of years from a donor. He's looking for people/groups to
define the community oriented aspects of the space (create the community,
define what tools/equipment are needed in the subset of the space the
community has access to, etc.)

One issue is exactly how FCCH fits into this model; do we run part of the
space (e.g. sub-lease), or forward our fees to David's organization in
exchange for our members having access or merge into the new organization,
or ...?

Mark has volunteered to be FCCH's liaison with David. The board has approved
this, subject to a few directions that we'll communicate.

AI: StephenW: Let Mark know.

## Any other business

### Startup Week

Brad is working to set up a Maker Lounge for the Startup Week, at the 222 Walnut
location. Lulzbot will be exhibiting there. Space will exist for demos,
discussions, steampunk decorations, LaserSaur buildfest pending funding, ...
