# Minutes of the 2015/08/19 Board meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm at Fort Collins Creator Hub

## Board Members Present

- Curt Oliver
- Steve Undy
- Erik Andersen
- Stephen Warren
- Jim Zdunek

## Approval of 2015/07/22 minutes

Done.

## Treasurer's report

We now have 20 members. Our income is roughly paying our rent and utlities
etc.

Diana has previously paid our annual web hosting fees. Erik reimburesed
this.

Our tax documents are all filed.

## Education committee report

> AI: JimZ: will contact PSD re: a "teach the teachers class".

Jim talked to Elizabeth Roy re this. It's a bad time since the school year
is just starting. He'll keep following up, making contacts, etc.

Jim is talking to Erin at the Poudre library re: events there ("Maker Zoo").

AI: SteveU: Add the classes he's teaching at the library to our meetup
calendar. 2PM Sat 26 Sep: "Intro to 3D printers". Arduino class in October.

## Date of our annual meeting

This must happen in October, and be announced at least 8 weeks in advance.

Oct 14, 21, or 28 satisfy the notification requirements. Oct 14 and 28
currently have FCCH meetings scheduled.

The board voted to hold the annual meeting on Oct 14th.

## Upcoming events

### Fort Collins Comic Con

AI: Erik: Check with Jamie what our commitment is re: the shared booth. Do
we need to bring a project, just provide people, ...?

### Northern Colorado Maker Faire (and demo/activity)

We discussed this in the general meeting. We'll do a large-scale interactive
snake meeting.

AI: StephenW: Set up meetup next Wed to plan/build this.

AI: SteveU: Order stickers to give out at the faire.

The board voted to spend up to $500 on projects to display at the faire,
and re-use for similar events in the future. Elise may have some grants
available to subsidise this too.

AI: Curt: Talk to Elise re: how to apply for the grants. 

### Rocky Mountain STEAMfest

This is Boulder's maker faire renamed. Sep 5-6th. We're not planning on
attending this.

### Halloween

Ideas welcome re: things to do for Halloween. Party, interactive exhibits,
costume classes, ...?

## Congressman visit

> AI: SteveU: Contact Jared's event manager to confirm that press presence is
> OK [when he visits our space].

Confirmed. A press release was issued by Farra.

Event is ocurring 3PM Thu Aug 20th.

## Corporate sponsorship document

> AI: Farra: Incorporate any changes we request to the [sponsorship document].
> Generate a Google Doc version for our archive purposes.

Farra wasn't present to report. Discussion deferred.

## Publicity

> AI: Farra: Contact various educational institutions such as PSD, CSU, College
> America, AIMs, IBMC, ... Once the sponsorship packet is approved, also contact)
> various larger local businesses.

Farra wasn't present to report. Discussion deferred.

> AI: Curt: Contact the bike co-op.

Not contacted yet.

> AI: StephenW: Put a laser cutter video up on youtube and link from our
> website.

Done.

> AI: Curt: Investigate Google Grants.

They'll give use $10,000 free adwords over some limited amount of time.
Not signed up yet.

Michael Churchill has experience doing this.

AI: Sign up our Google AdWords account, and talk to Michael to get advice.

## Equipment

### 3D printer

> > AI: SteveU: Contact Lulzbot to see if they want to give us [advertizing]
> > materials.
>
> SteveU will ask when he contacts them to get the PSU fixed.
> 
> Taz 5 power supply has died (apparently a common issue). SteveU is in contact
> with Lulzbot to get a replacement.

Done.

The board voted to spend up to $200 at SteveU's discretion on new 3D printer
filament.

AI: SteveU: Purchase the filament from Jamie.

AI: SteveU: Put out a small box for payment for filament, and a simple sign
stating the cost.

### Setup/maintenance

> AI: Curt: Build or find a bench to put the CNC machine on, so it's usable.

Done.

> AI: Erik: Contact Loveland CreatorSpace to see if they have any LCD monitors
> we could acquire. Perhaps 3-4 desktop PCs too if possible so we don't tie up
> our laptops running machines like 3D printers and laser cutters.

Done.

Loveland CreatorSpace is receiving 10 laptops from the Sherrif's office, and
has arranged for use to get 10 too.

### Arts/crafts station

> AI: StephenW: Finalize art/crafts tools/supplies spreadsheet created by TinaW
> and email it to the board for consideration.

Done.

AI: StephenW: Send a link to the doc to our mailing list. Ask if it would
bring new members in, or if people would teach classes using the equipment.

Erik asked if the list covers knitting (materials, books or other learning
materials, ...)

Curt mentioned that a library was a very popular part of Hammer Time, a tool
co-op that used to exist in Fort Collins.

### Laser cutter/engraver

If needed, discussions re: future purchase of a high-end laser cutter.

Hugh wasn't present, so we didn't discuss this.

## Tier4 proposal

> AI: Curt: Update the [tier 4 proposal document] that proposes how we
> interact with Tier 4.

David withdrew his offer to work with FCCH as "a favored group". As such, FCCH
plans to mature as an organization and review our options at a future time.

## Any other business

### CAD SW

Dave Graham is investigating obtaining a donated version of PTC Creo.

StephenA requested SolidWorks.

### Purchase of lockers

Curt found some lockers for $120. The board approved the purchase.
