# Agenda for the 2015/06/10 Board meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

## Approval of 2015/05/13 minutes

## Previous AIs

### Treasurer's report

> AI: Erik: Set up a Google Voice number associated with our "Creator Hub"
> Google account. Required to set up Payline.

Done.

> AI: Erik: Meet with StephenW to set up Payline buttons on our website.
> Monday 7:30PM at StephenW's house.

Done.

### 501c3 filing

> AI: Curt: Follow up with IRS to obtain our "file record number". Per Hunter,
> they won't inform us of this number; we need to call them by phone.

N/A; IRS sent us a confirmation letter that contained this information.

### Equipment purchases/donations

> AI: Erik: Attend Loveland CreatorSpace's "sort tools for disposal" event,
> help them sort, and acquire things they'll offer to us.

NEED STATUS.

> > AI: Curt: Follow up on all offers of equipment donations the board has
> > received.
>
> Needs further followup.

Curt has emailed people, sometimes multiple times, but received no responses.

> AI: Curt: Look for lockable storage.

Curt has seen a few interesting ads (craigslist?) and attempted to contact
the sellers, but nobody has responded.

### Space scheduling discussion

> AI: StephenW: Incorporate [the] proposals [to the scheduling policy doc].

Done.

### Maker camp

> AI: SteveU: Contact Children's Art Workshop proprietor about [working
> together on this].

Steve U hasn't contacted CCA. He's not sure he has the time/energy coordinating a full Maker Camp program. I did get a letter from Maker Camp saying we are an official affiliate. If we do this, I think we should be teen-only.

### Startup Week

> AI: Hunter: Send the text for the web page, and all the images/links we need
> to advertize.

Done.

> AI: SteveU, StephenW: Add the content to the website blog, and an event on
> meetup (with signup disabbled, but a link to the actual registration page).

Done.

> AI: Brad/Hunter: Provide a detailed description of the proposed use for any
> monetary sponsorship ASAP.

Not done.

## Treasurer's report

## Lack of members

To maintain viability, we need to sign up more members. Discuss what's
stopping people from signing up, and how we can fix this.

## Equipment purchases/donations

To discuss:
- 3D printer donations
- Laser cutter
- Art/craft station
- ...

## Space organization

Discuss creating groups to build storage, organize the space, and promote us
on social media.

## Education committee report

## Tier4 proposal

Discussion of David Prawel's proposal.
- We need to create a proposal re: how we'd be involved.

## Startup Week Post-mortem

What worked, what didn't. How do we apply this experience to future events.
Ideas for discussion:

- Volunteer signup process - what systems should we try in the future?
- Materials requests and gathering.
- Promotion.

## Any other business

Denver Mini Maker Faire. Volunteers needed.
