# Minutes for the 2015/04/01 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm Bean Cycle Coffee Shop

# General membership meeting

# Board meeting

## Board members present

- Curt Oliver
- Steve Undy
- Erik Andersen
- Stephen Warren

Absent:

- Jim Zdunek

## Approval of 2015/03/18 minutes

Approved.

## Status of misc AIs assigned previous meetings

> AI: StephenW: Let Mark know we're happy for him to be our liaison with David
> Prawel.

Done.

## Founders donation solicitation update

None since last meeting. Some matching donations received from StephenW.

## Treasurer's report

### Previous AIs

> AI: Curt: Ask First Bank whether this [Paypal's ability to block our account
> even for non-Paypal transactions] is the case.

Bank says no, they can't.

> AI: Curt/Erik: Add EIN and credit card info to Paypal account so we can
> withdraw unlimited amounts.

FCCH EIN wasn't accepted. Erik added his own SSN and credit card. To validate
the credit card, Paypal makes a small charge, the value of which must be
reported back to Paypal. Erik is waiting on his credit card statement in
order to do this.

> AI: Erik: investigate what other payment processors are available,
> specifically concentrating on automated monthly invoicing or charging.

Erik:
* First choice: "Payline data" which has good rates/fees. Once we're a
  501c3, we can get a small donation from their profits too.
* Second choice: Stripe. Good reputation, but need to run (and write) code
  to interface with them.

Hunter suggested Square.

AI: Erik: Contact Payline and investigate further; they don't have automatic
sign-up e.g. like Paypal, but rather require you to apply and then hopefully
approve you.

> AI: Curt and/or Erik: Order checks.

Ordered and "in the mail". Should show up within 2-3 weeks from ~3/23.

### Report

$300 additional income from Foundations donor match. ~$20 expenses to order
checks.

## Meeting with CPA

### Previous AIs

> AI: Erik: Print out tax forms to take to the meeting [with the CPA] (990 +
> schedule A). Bring USB key with that and the 501c3 application too.

Done.

> AI: StephenW: Bring laptop with tax and 501c3 forms in PDF as backup.

Done.

> AI: Curt: Upload to Google Drive the "Conflict of Interest" document given
> to us by the CPA.

Not yet done.

> AI: StephenW: Investigate any changes required to our bylaws required to
> include the CoI document.

Not yet done; was dependent upon seeing CoI document. AI replaced by new AIs
detailed in 501c3 discussion later in minutes.

> AI: Erik: Update 501c3 application form to incorporate feedback from CPA.

Done.

> AI: StephenW: Investigate any changes required to our bylaws or incorporation
> documents that are required due to tax year change.

Done; neither document a specific tax year selection.

### Discussion

We missed the 3/15 filing deadline for taxes since we thought the deadline
was that same as for personal filing. CPA noted that we can choose any tax
year we like, so long as the first year ends within 1 year of our
incorporation. As such, we should choose the latest possible end date of
6/30. This would yield a filing deadline of 9/15. Hopefully our 501c3 will
be approved (and certainly filed) by then. This would allow us to file a tax
form appropriate for a 501c3, whereas if we filed before then, we'd need to
file the form designated on our incorporation approval. Not having to do that
would simplify our lives.

CPA looked through the 501c3 application form and made various suggestions.
We've update the form to incorporate his suggestions.

CPA gave us a boiler-plate Conflict of Interest document for us to adopt. We
need to have such a document for a successful 501c3 application. Hunter
suggested a shorter alternative that she'll email to us.

## 2014 tax filing

N/A at present since we're changing our tax year selection.

The board voted to end the tax year 6/30. The vote pased.

## 501c3 filing progress

Feedback from Hunter:

Most areas the IRS considers "red flags" are already addressed. That's good!

Suggestions:

* Our purpose/vision statement in the bylaws: Focusing on education/outreach
is a much easier sell to the IRS. Scientific (research) work is much harder to
sell, and not the primary activity of a maker space. Suggest rewording the
text to emphasise education.

* We should reword the description of our assets and usage of assets to
clearly match our purpose/vision statement. For example, stating how our
leasing a space promotes education goals by providing a venue for the
education, etc.

* Projected revenue statement: Our revenue/expenses need to match much
more closely; we shouldn't expect to make *large* *profits* as a 501c3.
Keeping roughly 3 months expenditure as a buffer is reasonable, preferably
kept in a separate account designated for that purpose. We'd need to explain
anything much beyond that. For example, we could maintain a separate
escrow account specifically to save in order to purchase a new large capital
assets (i.e. a piece of equipment).

* We need to create a Board of Directors Agreement document. This will
accompany our 501c3 application.
** Defines our procedures for accepting and valuing goods/services. For
example, how we define market value we attach to donations and anything given
back as a result (e.g. any sponsorship package or a board seat).
** Defines what time and/or money board members commit to giving.
** Incorporates the conflict of interest document.

AI: Hunter: Send board suggestion for text in the articles, adding CoI
clauses etc.

AI: Hunter: Send us a proposed Board of Directors Agreement.

Hunter plans to complete those AIs by roughly 4/7.

AI: Curt: Amend the articles of incorporation based on suggestions by Hunter.

The plan is: Hunter provides suggested updates. Curt incorporates them into a
proposed new document. The board votes to approve this. Curt files the update
with the state.

We need to make modifications to the bylaws:
* Define an explicit process for how to change articles.
* Add a new bylaw to nullify the existing CoI text in the bylaws; the text
in the separate CoI document will replace this.

We perhaps technically do not need to do the bylaw modifications before
filing the 501c3. However, we plan to do so to make sure everything is
consistent; i.e. that both our articles of incorporation and bylaws both
reference the same CoI statement.

AI: Curt: Create proposed new bylaws document.

The plan is: Curt will publish the proposed updated bylaws to the board. Once
the board has approved them, and after the existing articles of incorporation
have been updated, we'll start the process to officially modify the bylaws.
Per bylaws, that involves announcing the intention to change the bylaws to the
entire membership, publishing the proposed changes, waiting two weeks, then
(assuming no member objections) a vote by the board.

## Location updates

#### Lease

> AI: Curt: Meet with Kelly and sign the lease.

Electric complete. Lighting being installed. Electrician is working weekends
to do this, so it may take a couple of weeks or so.

Curt has created a map of the space in Sketchup to help us plan the layout.

Kelly working on a quote to add a sink and pump. Depending on the cost, we
may opt for this.

The second set of stairs in the space is being walled off to prevent
interaction with other tenants. The fire marshall's max occupancy "quote"
takes this change into account. One fire exit is enough for the quoted
occupancy figure.

Electronic keycard access through the outer door is acceptable to landlord.
We plan to use the same system as Loveland Creator Space does. We can control
the electronic access exclusively. Existing tenants' physical keys will work
in parallel with our electronic system.

For the interior door, we initially plan to use our own physical keys in
conjunction with a regular cheap lock. We may hack this as a project later,
e.g. to provide some form of electronic access, perhaps integrated with the
external lock.

AI: Brad: Investigate cheap electronic dead-bolt controls for the interior
door.

Move-in ETA: roughly mid-Apr through May 1st, mainly contingent on the
electrician's work.

#### Insurance

> AI: StephenW: Space size is 1330 sq. ft. not 1800 as originaly thought;
> communicate this to insurance broker. Hopefully it should reduce the premium.

Done.

> AI: StephenW: Get the official application forms to move forward with the
> cheaper (and more detailed) of the two quotes.

Quote received.

AI: StephenW: Let insurance know our expect move-in date. Get info from
Kelly for the last few fields. Send signed form back. Get check from
Erik/Curt when sending in the form.

## Google+ page validation

Not discussed; we ran out of time.

For the record, we're still waiting for the "postcard" from Google to verify
the address, but AFAIK this has not yet been received.

## Any other business

None.
