# Minutes of the 2015/03/04 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm Harbortronics

# General membership meeting

We had a tour of Harbortronics' workshop. They're a local firm that designs
and manufactures time-lapse camera equipment. Various electronic and physical
fabrication tools were shown off.

# Board meeting

## Board members present

- Curt Oliver
- Steve Undy
- Erik Andersen
- Stephen Warren
- Jim Zdunek

## Approval of 2015/02/18 minutes

Approved.

## Status of misc AIs assigned in 2015/02/04 meeting

AIs relevant to other sections such as tax filing are included in those
sections.

> AI: Curt: Try and get the address validated on Google+ page. Use personal
> address if needed.

Access issues; will retry with the creatorhubfc@gmail.com account.

> AI: StephenW: Modify info@fortcollinscreatorhub.org address to forward to
> the board. 

Done.

AI: StephenW to send everyone their Wordpress user ID.

> AI: Curt: Add Mark's shop as the location for the Mar 4 meeting.

Done.

> AI: Curt: Send FCCH Logo to Chris Snook to be placed on launchnoco.com web
> site.

Not yet done.

> AI: SteveU: Follow up on [Poudre Library District summer program].

Not yet done.

## Treasurer's report

No change in the account. $991 balance in the account.

Erik has been working on projected finances. Estimates we will need ~28
members to make rent/utilities and buy tools/consumables etc. in the
Art Center location. The spreadsheet is on Google Drive for anyone to
look at.

## 2014 tax filing

> AI: Erik: Set up a meeting 2/24 for tax filing preparation.

The meeting was held. Forms are on Google Drive. They are complete. Waiting
for meeting with CPA just to check we're filing the correct forms.

## 501c3 progress

> AI: StephenW: Incorporate SteveU's and Jim's Bio into our 1023 form.

Done.

> AI: StephenW: Reply to Rich's email to confirm the meeting with the CPA.

Done.

> AI: Curt: Send Rich our 1023 form.

Curt double-checking the form before sending it.

> AI: Brad: Get quote on 501c3 filing from a service he knows, as a data point.

501c3.com was recommended by the Community Foundation of Northern Colorado
(http://nocofoundation.org/). 501c3.com will guarantee the application will go
through. $500-$2200 for EZ..long form.

For now, we plan to stick with meeting with the CPA meeting we have set up.
Hopefully we'll file immediately after that meeting.

## Location updates

### Jukebox Quilts

Kelly open to us having 24x7 access for all members with electronic card
system, and the board having physical keys.

Rent ~$6/sf/yr (1330sf) + ~$3/sf/yr NNN. ~$950//mo. Month-to-month rate.
Deposit unspecified. She understands it's a starter space so is not looking
to lock us into a specific term.

Could be ready to move in 1-4 weeks. Gated by final electrical/lighting work.
Sounds like closer to the lower end.

No bathroom in basement; draining/pumping issues. We will use shared bathroom
upstairs. We could put in a sink for access to water, but there's no drain.

70A electric available. Lots of electrical outlets. Lots of lighting will be
installed.

Access via the smaller stair-way (main entrance) only. Rear stairs are
emergency exit only. 45 person limit for the space per fire-marshal.

Building parking fairly heavily used on the weekend. Parking elsewhere would
be nice to alleviate pressure. There's plenty of parking nearby. Aztlan center
parking may be usable?

AI: StephenW: Send out Founders Fee solicitation ASAP - tonight/tomorrow.

Ensure it has PO box info, paypal info, etc. Make it easy to donate. Put
contact info for board members for in-face donations. Mention we are waiting
to sign the lease until we get 3 months rent in the bank, to expedite
donations.

Send to email list, meetup.com forum, Facebook, Google+.
Forward explicit copies with cover letters to key people for wider
distribution, such as Kelly, Chris Snook, presidents of other local spaces...

Create PDF to print and pin up in public places.

AI: Curt: Trigger lease signing based on having 3 months rent in the bank.
Inform Kelly of the situation re: our intent to move forward and exactly what
gates this.

### 222 Walnut

There is a commitment from the landlord to improve the building and prepare
it for lease. Need some feedback from use re: what we'd need.

How much interest is there in large-scale work (e.g. adding a new rear
entrance?) Linda/Kate would certainly like to see that happen. Not looking to
create a high-end polished building, but certainly want to make it fully
functional and rentable.

Landlords hoping for very roughly $1k-1.5k/mo. rent for the basement.

They have a working vintage printing press that we can incorpate into the
space!

### David Prawel's proposal

AI: StephenW: Set up a meeting with David to get more details, etc.

Mark happy to host the meeting at Harbortronics.

## Business Plan updates

> AI: Brad: Set up a business plan meeting.

Meeting happened Wed last week.

Conclusion: Founders fees should provide enough startup capital. Need a
space to get going. Mainly discussed /how/ to plan how the space will provide
features (funding, equipment, space for specific activities), rather than
actually making decisions re: that.

## Any other business

AI: StephenW: Set up Brad with b@fortcollinscreatorhub.org email address
(IMAP/POP rather than forward) in order to arrange some events on behalf of
FCCH.

AI: StephenW: Create contacts spreadsheet on Google Drive.
