# General meeting

Show & tell! People showed off or demonstrated the following:

- CNC machine chassis.
- Various microcontrollers, many with WiFi, Bluetooth, etc.
- Copper-plated bugs & plants.
- WiFi "LOGO turtle".

# Board meeting

## Board members present

- Curt Oliver
- Steve Undy
- Erik Andersen
- Stephen Warren
- Jim Zdunek

## Approval of 2015/01/07 minutes

Approved.

## Status of AIs assigned in 2015/01/07 meeting

> AI: StephenW: Forward all board email addresses to Math.
> AI: Math: Resend the Poudre library email CC all board members.

Done. Meeting with the libary occurred; see below.

> AI: Erik:
>
> - Post current version of 501c3 application PDF on meetup.com files site
>   ASAP so everyone can see and review it.
> - Finish incorporating comments.
> - Set up another review meeting Tue 13. We hope to finalize it.

Done. Posted to Google Drive. Comments incorporated on Tue 13 meeting.

> AI: Erik:
>
> - Provide his brother-in-law's contact information to Rich, for 501c3
>   application review.

Erik sent PDF to his brother-in-law instead. He hasn't been able to review it
yet due to family medical issue.

> AI: Rich Kopcho <rich@kopcho.com>:
>
> - Contact some/all of Colleen Ludwig, Erion Foundation (who managed Loveland
>   CreatorSpace's 501c3 application) (via LCS Board to avoid any conflicts),
>   and Erik's brother-in-law to get a lawyer to review the document.

Attempted. Colleen doesn't seem to exist. Will follow up with Kelly to get
contact info, search for other lawyers.

> AI: Curt: Refile our incorporation documents with the state to cover:
>
> - PO Box address.
> - New bylaws.
> - New officers.

Not completed. Aim to complete soon.

> AI: Rich: Send the "bathroom funder"'s email address to Curt and/or the board
> to see if they'll sponsor ours.

Brad Feld <brad@feld.com>

Rich noted we shouldn't just shoot off an email willy nilly, but create a
request that sells the space etc.

> AI: StephenW: Update the text to:
> 
> - Rephrase not to ask/beg for money, but to phrase it as an opportunity to
>   donate.
> - Rephrase Founding Member to Founder (to avoid implied membership).
> - Add note that we'll reserve a space to display recognition of Founders.
>   (self-created display item.)

Done. Updated text sent to board for comments.

> AI: SteveU: Investigate linkedin.com account/group for FCCH, and a badge for
> Founders.

Done.

> AI: StephenW
> 
> - Enumerate all the accounts.
> - Enumerate the backup mechanism for them all.
>   (Multiple admins, passwords written down and stored elsewhere, etc.)

Done.

> AI: Erik, Curt: Meet early on Tuesday to start the taxes.

Not completed; need to re-schedule.

> AI: StephenW: Tell LCS yes officially about Boulder Maker Faire. We won't plan
> any particular activities. May take personal demos.

Done. Not yet clear if LCS has a booth or not. If they do, we'll help out.

## Meeting format

Should we:

- Split meetup.com event into separate events; general & board meeting?
- Set meetup.com event to auto-repeat every 2 weeks?

One meeting entry on meetup.com is fine. Title/description simply needs to
make it clear that both meetings are happening. We'll make the event auto-
repeat.

## Treasurer's report

AI: Erik to send StephenW the link to include in the minutes.

StephenW notes we should be careful to distibguish actual transactions in
the bank account v.s. donations in kind. For example: someone paying for web
hosting is not the same as the Creator Hub paying for it themselves, and
can't be claimed to be a transaction or expense of the space. Of course,
we can count it as a donation. Alternatively, if we later re-imburse this,
that is a transaction that should show up on our books.

Erik also prepared preliminary information re: projected costs of space lease
etc.

## 2014 tax filing

AI: Eric/Curt: Meet to file our tax form. Eric has started on the form.
Need to complete this.

## 501c3 progress

For reference, the FCCH Google Drive folder is located at:
https://drive.google.com/drive/#folders/0BztS2sNeBoIFYXI0bVlncWswZmc

AI: StephenW: Add Google Drive link to minute, send to Rich.

AI: Curt: Contact Kelly to get Colleen's contact info.

AI: Rich: find Colleen or some other lawyer to review 501c3.

## Any other business

### Incorporation re-filing

AI: Curt: refile

Use self (Curt) as registered agent, not a lawyer, so we get it filed quickly.
We can refile again later to appoint a lawyer as a registered agent if we want
and/or find one.

### Account escrow

AI: StephenW: Validate that all board members have admin access to the
linkedin group.

### Location

Curt followed up on the two locations he found on Craiglist, but they are
already rented.

### Next Meeting

AI: StephenW: Contact Kelly re: using Jukebox Quilts for the next meeting
rather than Momo Lolo.

We should make more use of the Jukebox Quilts location so that we keep in
touch with Kelly.

### Poudre Library Meeting

Had a meeting with Jean Bosch on Jan 20th. The library and FCCH are both
interested in partnering. They want to provide STREAM (Science, Technology,
Reading, Engineering, Art, Math) resources to the public. They have some
equipment to support this, but need expertise to make it work, including
training their staff, creating a curriculum, teaching classes, staffing
activities, etc. They can give FCCH exposure/publicity, which will hopefully
grow our membership.

### Website

AI: Brad: talk to Diana re: launching G+ page.

For reference, our page is:
https://plus.google.com/101749670028755492152/posts
