# Minutes of the 2015/06/10 Board meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm at Fort Collins Creator Hub

## Board Members Present

- Steve Undy
- Erik Andersen
- Stephen Warren
- Jim Zdunek

Absent:

- Curt Oliver (vacation)

## Approval of 2015/05/13 minutes

Approved.

## Previous AIs

### Treasurer's report

> AI: Erik: Set up a Google Voice number associated with our "Creator Hub"
> Google account. Required to set up Payline.

Done.

> AI: Erik: Meet with StephenW to set up Payline buttons on our website.
> Monday 7:30PM at StephenW's house.

Done.

### 501c3 filing

> AI: Curt: Follow up with IRS to obtain our "file record number". Per Hunter,
> they won't inform us of this number; we need to call them by phone.

N/A; IRS sent us a confirmation letter that contained this information.

### Equipment purchases/donations

> AI: Erik: Attend Loveland CreatorSpace's "sort tools for disposal" event,
> help them sort, and acquire things they'll offer to us.

Erik attended, and picked up the table saw. It's been used already, and works
great.

> > AI: Curt: Follow up on all offers of equipment donations the board has
> > received.
>
> Needs further followup.

Curt has emailed people, sometimes multiple times, but received no responses.

Someone has donated a projector to the space; either the followup worked, or
another donor came forward. 

> AI: Curt: Look for lockable storage.

Curt has seen a few interesting ads (craigslist?) and attempted to contact
the sellers, but nobody has responded.

### Space scheduling discussion

> AI: StephenW: Incorporate [the] proposals [to the scheduling policy doc].

Done.

### Maker camp

> AI: SteveU: Contact Children's Art Workshop proprietor about [working
> together on this].

Steve U hasn't contacted CCA. He's not sure he has the time/energy coordinating
a full Maker Camp program. He did get a letter from Maker Camp saying we are an
official affiliate. If we do this, SteveU thinks we should be teen-only.

### Startup Week

> AI: Hunter: Send the text for the web page, and all the images/links we need
> to advertize.

Done.

> AI: SteveU, StephenW: Add the content to the website blog, and an event on
> meetup (with signup disabbled, but a link to the actual registration page).

Done.

> AI: Brad/Hunter: Provide a detailed description of the proposed use for any
> monetary sponsorship ASAP.

Not done.

## Treasurer's report

$95 income this month (income - expenses).

Paid out: Rent, insurance, DSL.

AI: SteveU: Send email to Jeff Moe to thank him for his donation.

Membership is slowly growing, including 3 new members at the meeting.

## Lack of members

To maintain viability, we need to sign up more members. Discuss what's
stopping people from signing up, and how we can fix this.

Erik estimates we need just under 30 members to break even on our monthly
costs (rent, utilities, insurance, some tool and consumable maintenance).

Possible reasons for low membership:

- We don't have too many tools yet, but we're growing that rapidly.
- 3D-printers and LASER cutters are big people pullers; we need to get
  them soon.
- Publicity is required; we need to get the word out that we're open.

Should we consider an educator membership discount to bring in teachers?

Would our classes count as continuing education for teachers?

Reach out to:

- Local clubs.
- Senior centers.
- Schools, colleges, CSU, etc.
- Local papers, to publicise classes and events.

Farra Lanzer volunteered to co-ordinate our publicity efforts, create
documents for potential sponsors, etc.

AI: Farra: Generate a report on progress at the next meeting.

## Equipment purchases/donations

### 3D printer donations

Two printers will be donated by Lulzbot. Still no definite ETA yet.

AI: SteveU: Speak to Jamie about borrowing something from LCS in the mean
time.

Hugh may bring in his printer too.

AI: Hugh Wallace: Plan layout for printer station/shelving/...

### Laser cutter

Investigating FSLaser, Rabbit. Both have interesting options. There are also
cheap $500 cutters on eBay, but they don't have much cutting area or tube
wattage (so they're slower).

Hugh attempted to contact Rabbit to get a quote on a 3' x 2' cutter 80/90W
device, but hasn't received a response yet. That machine would be around $10k.

Roughly 5 people as the meeting were willing to contribute to the cost.

AI: Hugh: Follow up on quote.

### Art/craft station

Tina Warren is working on a spreadsheet with proposed equipment/supplies list
and costs. This will hopefully be published soon.

### Workshop

Dust collection is probably the next priority.

## Space organization

To discuss: creating groups to build storage, organize the space, and promote
us on social media.

Publicity was discussed above. Station owners should maintain their own space
layout. Ask for help as needed.

Station owners are:

- Workshop: Erik Andersen.
- Electronics: Steve Undy
- Prototyping (3D-printing, LASER cutters): Hugh Wallace.
- Fabric/Art/Craft: TBD; perhaps Tina Warren.

## Education committee report

There's a meeting set up for next week.

## Tier4 proposal

Discussion of David Prawel's proposal.

We need to create a proposal for how we'll integrate into the Tier 4 space.
We need to drive defining that proposal, to give to David, rather than
expecting David to propose something specific to us. Need to list our desires,
our requirements, and our reponsibilities.

AI: Lou: Talk to Mark to get details of prior discussions. Write a draft
proposal and send it to the board for comments before the next meeting.

AI: Anyone interested (ESPECIALLY ALL of the board): Come up with a list of
around 5-6 points that are the most important things you'd like to see in any
such agreement, and send them to the board <board@fortcollinscreatorhub.org>,
Mark Roberts <mark@harbortronics.com>, and Lou <lhsharpe@gmail.com> for
distillation.

## Startup Week Post-mortem

What worked, what didn't. How do we apply this experience to future events.
Ideas for discussion:

- Volunteer signup process - what systems should we try in the future?
- Materials requests and gathering.
- Promotion.

We didn't discuss those points in detail since time was running short.

Attendance was poor. The event went off without any issues, but perhaps
wasn't the most effective use of our time.

## Any other business

### Denver Mini Maker Faire

Volunteers are needed. Sign up to staff our booth or the fun "Nerdy Derby"
activity at:

http://www.signupgenius.com/go/70A084FABAE22A64-lcs/28236425

AI: StephenW: Get more business cards made to give out at the Faire.

Can we also staff the Sunday open house this weekend? Yes, Hugh and StephenW
at least will cover this.
