# Agenda for the 2015/04/01 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

The meeting will consist of two parts: A general membership meeting, followed
by a board meeting.

# General membership meeting

# Board meeting

Note that some of the AIs listed in the agenda were generated subsequent to
our meeting with the CPA, rather than at the 3/18 meeting.

## Approval of 2015/03/18 minutes

## Status of misc AIs assigned previous meetings

> AI: StephenW: Let Mark know we're happy for him to be our liaison with David
> Prawel.

## Founders donation solicitation update

## Treasurer's report

> AI: Curt: Ask First Bank whether this [Paypal's ability to block our account
> even for non-Paypal transactions] is the case.

> AI: Curt/Erik: Add EIN and credit card info to Paypal account so we can
> withdraw unlimited amounts.

> AI: Erik: investigate what other payment processors are available,
> specifically concentrating on automated monthly invoicing or charging.

> AI: Curt and/or Erik: Order checks.

## Meeting with CPA

> AI: Erik: Print out tax forms to take to the meeting [with the CPA] (990 +
> schedule A). Bring USB key with that and the 501c3 application too.

> AI: StephenW: Bring laptop with tax and 501c3 forms in PDF as backup.

Discuss: Results of meeting from CPA.

> AI: Curt: Upload to Google Drive the "Conflict of Interest" document given
> to us by the CPA.

> AI: StephenW: Investigate any changes required to our bylaws required to
> include the CoI document.

We need to vote on the CoI document.

> AI: Erik: Update 501c3 application form to incorporate feedback from CPA.

Discuss: We'll move our tax year to end 6/30 since we missed the filing
deadline for using calendar years as our tax year.

> AI: StephenW: Investigate any changes required to our bylaws or incorporation
> documents that are required due to tax year change.

## 2014 tax filing

N/A since we're changing our tax law. Need to vote on this.

## 501c3 filing progress

Any feedback from Hunter yet?

## Location updates

#### Lease

> AI: Curt: Meet with Kelly and sign the lease.

#### Insurance

> AI: StephenW: Space size is 1330 sq. ft. not 1800 as originaly thought;
> communicate this to insurance broker. Hopefully it should reduce the premium.

> AI: StephenW: Get the official application forms to move forward with the
> cheaper (and more detailed) of the two quotes.

## Google+ page validation

## Any other business
