# Minutes for the 2015/04/15 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm Wild Board coffee shop

# General membership meeting

# Board meeting

## Board Members Present

- Curt Oliver
- Steve Undy
- Erik Andersen
- Stephen Warren
- Jim Zdunek

## Approval of 2015/04/01 minutes

Not discussed, but no objections were noted.

## Status of misc AIs assigned previous meetings

None; all assigned AIs are in specific sections below.

## Treasurer's report

### Previous AIs

> AI: Erik: Contact Payline and investigate further; they don't have automatic
> sign-up e.g. like Paypal, but rather require you to apply and then hopefully
> approve you.

Done. No (e.g. monthly) maximum withdrawal limits are imposed. Transfers to
bank account possible, and can happen daily if desired. Recurring payments are
possible via the web interface, for a small extra fee. Their web interface
includes reporting of paid/not-paid status etc.

The board voted to set up the account to start operating 1 week before our
move-in date, once that is known.

### Founders donation solicitation update

3 new Founders donations (plus 2 matches) deposited today.

1 new Founders donation received at the meeting.

AI: Erik: Add Keith's and Hugh's names to the Founders list.

### Report

No other changes to report.

## 501c3 filing progress

### Previous AIs

> > AI: Curt: Upload to Google Drive the "Conflict of Interest" document given
> > to us by the CPA.
>
> Not yet done.

Was uploaded, but has disappeared. Will re-upload.

> AI: Hunter: Send board suggestion for text in the articles, adding CoI
> clauses etc.

Done; sent to Curt.

> AI: Hunter: Send us a proposed Board of Directors Agreement.

Done. The board agreed to this, and signed it at the meeting.

> AI: Curt: Amend the articles of incorporation based on suggestions by Hunter.

Done electronically via Google docs & chat.

> AI: Curt: Create proposed new bylaws document.

Curt & StephenW determined this was not required; the updates to the Articles
of Incorporation are sufficient.

### Vote on updated Articles of Incorporation

The board voted to accept the updates.

AI: Curt: Send updated version to the state.

### 1023 Form Updates

Need to update projected finances to align with our new tax year, plus to
better match our projected income and expenses.

Need to review our narrative document to make sure it's up-to-date and
matches the other documents.

AI: Curt, StephenW, Erik: Co-ordinate a meeting to perform those final steps.

## Location updates

### Previous AIs

> AI: Brad: Investigate cheap electronic dead-bolt controls for the interior
> door.

Brad found 5 commercial electronic deadbolt turners with smart-phone
(bluetooth) control. Some of them not yet shipping though. Prices $199 and up.
Expensive for what will be an internal secondary door.

Brad also found an OSS electronic lock.

AI: Brad to provide more details and a parts list with costs.

SteveU suggest starting with a simple keyed lock. There was general consensus
that we should default to this option for now, and investigate any upgrades as
a lower-priority task.

### Insurance

> AI: StephenW: Let insurance know our expect move-in date. Get info from
> Kelly for the last few fields. Send signed form back. Get check from
> Erik/Curt when sending in the form.

The signed application form is in the hands of the insurance agent. We simply
need to tell him when we want the policy to start. We'll do this as soon as
we have a definite move-in date.

### Lease Signing

No definite move-in date has yet been provided; final finish of the space is
still ongoing.

AI: Curt: Check with Kelly on status, try to obtain a definite date.

### Electronic door lock system purchase

We need to purchase one for the exterior door. We overlooked discussing this
item.

### Signage for the space

SteveU: Proposed a sandwich board that we can put outside. StephenW proposed
this would make a great move-in day project.

We should also place a poster/sign on (inside) the glass next to the entrance
door to make it obvious it's the right place.

### Poster campaign

Erik proposed creating some posted to advertize the space, and distributing
them as widely as possible, e.g. coffee ships, Mountain States electronics,
related clubs, Coloradoan etc.

AI: Erik: Take lead on designing the posters.

We should do business cards too.

AI: StephenW: Order some business cards.

### Equipment list planning

Curt volunteered to co-ordinate the space layout, and vetting offers for
equipment donations for suitability and space etc. An initial spreadsheet
has been uploaded to our Google Drive.

A LASER cutter is a high priority item. We discussed trade-offs of really
cheap low-poer Chinese (which generally need electronics upgrades) vs. much
more expensive (generally US-sourced) potentially higher-power devices.
Tinkermill recently obtained a new one; perhaps they're selling their old one?
What size do we need? 2x1ft would be very useful minimum. HughW suggested 100W
as minimum power, so we can be sure we get consistent cuts. That said, Loveland
CreatorSpace's cutter is only 40W and works well at least for an introductory
device.

AI: HughW: Research the cutter options and provide a report to the board.

Looking for station leads to document: what equipment would be useful for the
individual stations. Consider cost, space and use trade-offs.

Hunter & JimZ: Art.

SteveU & Brad: 3D printing.

SteveU, StephenW: Electronics, microcontrollers.

Erik: General hand tools, metal/wood-working later.

## Membership fees

$25, $50, $75 per month (student/seniors, individual, family).
First month half price.
One month (the twelfth) free for annual pre-payment.

Board voted and approved these fees.

## Any other business

None.
