# Minutes of the 2015/05/13 Board meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm at **Fort Collins Creator Hub**
(We've moved in!)

## Board Members Present

- Curt Oliver
- Steve Undy
- Erik Andersen
- Stephen Warren
- Jim Zdunek

## Approval of 2015/04/29 minutes

Approved.

## Treasurer's report

Incoming: One Founder. Two monthly member dues so far. 3 others on the way.

Outgoing: May rent/utilities, rental security deposit, 501c3 application.

AI: Erik: Set up a Google Voice number associated with our "Creator Hub"
Google account. Required to set up Payline.

We need a refund policy to sign up for Payline. Proposal:

Refund available up to 7 days after payment, assuming no significant usage of
the space has occurred. No refunds after that; monthly billing will stop at
the next cycle. Can appeal to the board for extenuating circumstances.

AI: Erik: Meet with StephenW to set up Payline buttons on our website.
Monday 7:30PM at StephenW's house.

## 501c3 filing

> AI: StephenW: File the form.

Done. Check is cashed.

AI: Curt: Follow up with IRS to obtain our "file record number". Per Hunter,
they won't inform us of this number; we need to call them by phone.

## Equipment

AI: Erik: Attend Loveland CreatorSpace's "sort tools for disposal" event, help
them sort, and acquire things they'll offer to us.

AI: Curt: Look for lockable storage.

> AI: Curt: Follow up on all offers of equipment donations the board has
> received.

Needs further followup.

We discussed:

- Equipment purchases we need to make; approval of spending FCCH cash.
- Provision of supplies (either/both stay-in-house prototyping supplies,
or as consumables).

We'll have 2 classes of consumables:

- For classes.
- For use in the space, or for purchase.

For class material: Anyone is free to use it, but it must stay at the space
in working order for classes.

For consumables: We'll post a simple policy sign next to the item. This will
state:

- What each item's price is.
- Ask people please not to take unreasonable amounts at once; the idea is to
provide small volume supplies to everyone when they need, so wiping out the
whole supply wouldn't be good sharing.
- Please notify us if anything is getting low.

Per previous meetings, we have volunteers to staff the other stations:

Art/Craft: Hunter & JimZ. Per recent declarations of interest, TinaW might
help out here.

Protyping (3D printing, LASER cutter, etc.): SteveU & Brad.

Electronics: SteveU w/ Stephen W assisting.

General tools/workshop: Erik.

The board discussed spending for those stations. We allocated $500 for each
station. In order to approve the actual spending of the allocated funds, we
need to see a detailed list or description of what the funds will be used
for, prior to actually approving specific spending. Station masters: Please
email us a list of your proposed spending.

The board approved spending $500 on electronics equipment/supplies from the
list SteveU had previously provided. SteveU will buy the equipment himself,
and will be re-imbursed upon presentation of receipt(s).

The board approved spending $300 on supplies (lumber etc.) to make benches,
shelves, pegboards, etc. for the space.

## Space scheduling discussion

> AI: StephenW: Create a brief policy doc re: approving other groups' use of
> the space, and perhaps a separate doc for class scheduling.

Proposed documents are in Google Drive.

Proposed additions:

- A Member of FCCH must be present at each event.
- The FCCH board can ask any attendee to leave the event at their discretion.

AI: StephenW: Incorporate those proposals.

We discussed the issues of:

- When is it appropriate to allow noisy activities in the space, given the
presence of other building tenants.
- Scheduling limits on activities/classes/events that can't co-exist with
noisy activities, such as presentations, classes, etc.

The proposed schedule and limitations are:

- Quiet time before 6pm Tue-Sat (other users in building).
- Loud time any time outside these hours.
- No more than 3-4 quiet sessions (classes) per week during loud (prime) time.
- Quiet sessions scheduled at most 2 days in a row.
- No classes after 9pm, to allow others to use space.

In practice, all class/event scheduling occurs through the board since it is
the board who have administrative access to the meetup.com calendar. We will
implement this policy in a lightweight way, and monitor the situation to see
if any changes are needed down the road.

## Maker camp

> AI: SteveU: Process and fill in the event sponsorship packet that Hunter
> will send.

Google provides promotion not consumables.

Some example activities are provided, but not a fully fledged curriculum. We
would need to pick our own curriculum, and be responsible for implementing it.
Is there a maker camp curriculum available somewhere we can borrow? The Google
site has some links to activities that have been used elsewhere.

We are registered with them, but are not committed yet. SteveU not 100% sure
we should commit yet.

SteveU proposed 1 day a week for 3-4 weeks for 10-16 year-olds, rather than
a whole week at once?

Parents want to drop kids off. We'd need to sign people up to look after kids
for a day. Perhaps we can collaborate with the Children's Art Workshop(?)
located above our space.

http://www.ideashappenhere.com/

AI: SteveU: Contact Children's Art Workshop proprietor about this.

## Any other business

### Startup Week

It's happening in 2 weeks!

Press Release (which mentions us) is going out tomorrow (May 14th).

Hunter requested to add content to our website to advertize startup week, and
add a registration page. We can do the registration page.

AI: Hunter: Send the text for the web page, and all the images/links we need
to advertize.

AI: SteveU, StephenW: Add the content to the website blog, and an event on
meetup (with signup disabbled, but a link to the actual registration page).

### Monetary sponsorship of Startup Week stations

Brad again requested monetary sponsorship for the Startup Week stations. We
had previously agreed to staff 2 stations in return for $500 in-kind
sponsorship (advertising/promotion), but had not agreed to provide any cash
sponsorship. The board was under the impression that any monetary sponsorship
was optional, and was not required to make the event a success. It turns out
this may not be the case.

The board was hesitant to approve the requested $500 monetary sponsorship
without a specific description of what the funds would be used for. The
explanation provided was "to grease the wheels". The hesitance was grounded
in the fact that $500 is approximately half a month's rent and/or could
purchase a significant amount of useful tools/equipment that would likely
bring paying members into the space.

This issue is likely not considered closed by all involved.

AI: Brad/Hunter: Provide a detailed description of the proposed use for any
monetary sponsorship ASAP.

## Not discussed due to time

The meeting ran long, so we did not discuss the following:

### TODO lists

### Group projects

### Community outreach

Discuss communities we can involve in FCCH, and partnerships we can build.

### Status of our website

We wish to discuss content, layout, etc. of the site. In particular, does it
provide the information that prospective members need? Can we pick a nicer
theme?
