# Minutes of the 2015/02/18 meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm Cohere Old Town

# General meeting

# Board meeting

## Board members present

- Curt Oliver
- Steve Undy
- Stephen Warren
- Jim Zdunek
- Erik Andersen

## Approval of 2015/02/04 minutes

Approved.

## Status of AIs assigned in 2015/02/04 meeting

> AI: Rich: Contact hoogendyktax.com to check them out, CC board, update us.

Done. See 501c3 agenda item below.

> AI: Jim: Send the foundry/federation our 501c3 form in case they can review
> it. Obtain any documentation the can supply, for reference.

Jim contacted them, but they said they can't review ours; can't provide legal
advice.

Jim obtained a copy of their 501c3 application and forwarded it to the board
as an FYI.

AI: StephenW: Incorporate SteveU's and Jim's Bio into our 1023 form.

> AI: Curt: Give on of the PO Box keys Stephen, likely at next meeting.

Will pick up after today's meeting. (Done.)

> AI: Curt/Erik: Work on finalizing/filing this [2014 taxes] ASAP.

Hasn't yet happened. See 2014 tax agenda item below.

> AI: Board: Review the [2014 taxes] doc to double-check.

Some comments provided.

> AI: StephenW: Check board are all admins of the G+ page, so we don't need
> a separate login for the page.

Can't add admins until page is verified?

Brad reports Diana says the postcard got sent. However, Kelly says it hasn't
been delivered yet.

AI: Curt: Try and get the address validated. Use personal address if needed.

> AI: StephenW: Check where info@fortcollinscreatorhub.org email address goes,
> validate that someone is monitoring it.

It's a mailbox not an email forwarder. StephenW asked Diana if she (or anyone)
is monitoring it, but havne't received a response yet. Perhaps we should
change it to a forwarder to the board instead.

AI: StephenW: Modify info@ address to forward to the board. 

> AI: SteveU: Follow up with LCS about a joint booth [for Denver Maker Faire].

Done. See Maker Faire agenda item below.

> AI: Curt: Contact other maker spaces and groups to get some ideas [for our
> business plan].

Not completed.

AI: Brad: Set up a business plan meeting.

> AI: Everyone: Give thoughts [for our business plan] to Curt.

Nothing received.

## Treasurer's report

No change since last meeting. 

## 2014 tax filing

Some progress made on filling in the form, but still some fields aren't
filled out. We also need to fill in Schedule A, which is a much larger
form that 990EZ, so the amount of work we have left has increased.

AI: Erik: Set up a meeting 2/24 for tax doc.

## 501c3 progress

Meeting with CPA (Hoogendyk tax) scheduled for Mar 23.

AI: StephenW: Reply to Rich's email to confirm the date.

AI: Curt: Send Rich our 1023 form.

AI: Brad: Get quote on 501c3 filing from a service he knows, as a data point.

## Next meeting location

AI: Curt: Add Mark's shop as the location for the Feb 4 meeting.

## Location updates

### Jukebox Quilts

Kelly still very interested in renting the basement at the art space. Curt
has a meeting Wed 2/25 to discuss specific numbers, etc. The board discussed
what kind of rental terms we'd be comfortable with.

Do we care about toilet in the space, or are we OK with a toilet upstairs?
OK with upstairs. Sink etc. required downstairs though, for activities.

What else do we expect?
* Electrical connection. Check if it's 110V only or 240V? How many outlets are
  there?
* Good lighting. Should be covered by what Kelly is installing.
* Water.
* Physical access.
* Definition of how we get billed for utilities.
* Ensure we can get Comcast/telco access etc.
* How does ventilation work? What about HVAC; how does it work and who
  sets temperature?
* What about after-hours access? Kelly not too keen due to security of other
  tenants. This would make the space significantly less useful. We should
  suggest limiting keys to board members initially, then possibly installing
  e.g. a keycard lock.

### 222 Walnut

Linda talked about the possibility of using the basement at 222 Walnut. Main
level in use by Walnut Creek. Upper level likely being developed for artists
studios. Perhaps 3000-5000 sq. ft?? Shared entrance-way, but the main-level
store is open 7 days a week, with fairly long hours. 24 hour access might be
an option; probably needs to be worked out for the artists too.

Linda Roth
719 200 5169

2pm Sat 2/21 tour of 222 Walnut basement.

## Denver Maker Faire

We are registered to share a table with Loveland Creator Space and Curiosity
Hacked. We'll have to show up and help staff the booth, which includes running
the activity they're planning. LCS will likely publish a sign-up sheet for
booth staffing closer to the time.

## Any other business

### Guest speakers

A representative from Go Code Colorado announced their event. You're
challenged to build a prototype product that solves a problem using public
data sets. More details at http://gocode.co/. They'd love to have any of us
participate.

Fort Collins Startup Week is May 26-31. More details at
http://ftcstartupweek.co/. They're looking for mentors to assist with (give
advice at the event). They can also promote FCCH within the event, e.g. by
publicizing a scheduled open-house.

AI: Curt: Send FCCH Logo to Chris Snook to be placed on launchnoco.com web
site.

### Public library program

Poudre library wants to do a class/event in June in collaboration with the
maker space as part of their summer program. SteveU has tentatively agreed to
help with this. They're looking for ideas for the class, and people to assist.

AI: SteveU: Follow up on this. 
