# Minutes of the 2015/07/22 Board meeting of the Fort Collins Creator Hub

Held 7pm at Fort Collins Creator Hub

## Board Members Present

- Curt Oliver
- Steve Undy
- Erik Andersen
- Stephen Warren

Absent:

- Jim Zdunek couldn't make it today.

## Approval of 2015/06/24 minutes

Approved.

## Treasurer's report

We have 6 months of basic operating expenses in the bank. Assuming the
current membership income level, we should last about ~18 months before we
exhaust our current balance. Erik proposes we should start thinking about
tool and event budgets. We'll need to keep something like 3-6 months
expenses as a safety net. Curt proposed allocating $3000 to the budgets.
No solid decisions were made; future discussions will occur.

> AI: Curt: will contact CPA to see how much it [assistance with tax filing]
> would cost.

Erik met with the CPA. The 990 that Erik filled out looked good to the CPA.
We just need to write a statement of accomplishments to be filed with the
990.

## Education committee report

> AI: JimZ: will contact PSD re: a "teach the teachers class".

Jim wasn't available to give status.

## Equipment

### 3D printers

> AI: SteveU: Contact Lulzbot to see if they want to give us [advertizing]
> materials.

SteveU will ask when he contacts them to get the PSU fixed.

Taz 5 power supply has died (apparently a common issue). SteveU is in contact
with Lulzbot to get a replacement.

### Laser cutter/engraver

StephenW has purchased, and is loaning to FCCH, a starter laser cutter to
tide us over until we decide on a high-end machine.

There wasn't any discussion re: purchase of a high-end laser cutter.

### Arts/crafts station

AI: StephenW: Finalize art/crafts tools/supplies spreadsheet created by TinaW
and email it to the board for consideration.

Once it's set up, talk to Kelly about getting our art/craft station mentioned
in her newsletter.

### Setup/maintenance

CNC machine still not set up/usable and taking up space.

Erik previously had plugged it in and verified that it works.

AI: Curt: Build or find a bench to put the CNC machine on, so it's usable.

AI: Erik: Contact Loveland CreatorSpace to see if they have any LCD monitors
we could acquire. Perhaps 3-4 desktop PCs too if possible so we don't tie up
our laptops running machines like 3D printers and laser cutters.

Art/craft station needs active management. No decisions were made here.

Scroll saw needs a blade to be useful.

Need to store all the electronics equipment. SteveU is working on this.

## Tier4 proposal

There was extended discussion re: how FCCH should position itself and
interface with Tier4.

Curt also presented a proposed document detailing how we would interface
with Tier 4. Given the discussion below, he'll update the document to better
emphasise that FCCH will be leasing space and equipment, maintain its own
members, not pass membership fees to Tier 4 but rather pay a defined lease,
and has the ability to independently define which activities FCCH performs.

AI: Curt: Update the document that proposes how we interact with Tier 4.

We discussed whether it made sense to simply merge with Tier 4 in some
way to avoid the overhead and potential confusion of two separate
organizations. There was a general feeling that FCCH should stay independent.
It also turns out that Tier 4 is possibly not going to sek 501(c)(3)
status in the short term (as was originally thought), and hence any kind of
merger or transfer wouldn't be possible.

Given that Tier 4 isn't a 501(c)(3), we have to be careful to avoid FCCH's
activities appearing to promote the for-profit Tier 4. We need to act and
appear to act as an independent entity that is leasing space and equipment
from Tier 4, rather than being or appearing to be a part of Tier 4.

Tier 4 intends to own and maintain all equipment. There likely isn't going to
be an easy way to segregate Tier 4 and FCCH equipment at the Tier 4 location.
Tier 4 likely expects all Tier 4 members to have access to all equipment at
Tier 4's location. FCCH will therefore likely not keep any FCCH-owned
equipment at the Tier 4 location. This avoids the situation of a Tier 4 member
expecting that their membership of for-profit Tier 4 gives them access to
FCCH's equipment.

If we move into the Tier 4 location, we could (a) sell our equipment, and
use the money to aid our education/community goals, (b) store our equipment
should we need to operate at a different location in the future, (c) donate
the equipment to another 501(c)(3).

## Any other business

### Corporate sponsorship document

Farra presented us with a corporate sponsorship document. We'll review this.

We need to upload both an editable version and the PDF to Google Drive.

We can post this on our website for easy distribution.

The Northern Colorado Business Report is willing to give us some sponsorship
(publicity).

AI: Farra: Incorporate any changes we request to the doc. Generate a Google
Doc version for our archive purposes.

### Publicity

SteveU contacted the CSU amateur radio club. They're interested, but they
were looking for RF equipment we don't have (yet?).

Note: When we talk to other groups, we should actively ask them exactly what
tools/equipment they want/need, that we could provide.

AI: Farra: Contact various educational institutions such as PSD, CSU, College
America, AIMs, IBMC, ... Once the sponsorship packet is approved, also contact)
various larger local businesses.

AI: Curt: Contact the bike co-op.

AI: StephenW: Put a laser cutter video up on youtube and link from our
website.

Google Grants will give charities lots of free services, like advertizing.

AI: Curt: Investigate Google Grants.

### Congeressman visit

Jared Polis will be visiting the space Aug 20th 3-4pm.

We'd like to have press there.

AI: SteveU: Contact Jared's event manager to confirm that press presence is
OK.

### 501(c)(3)

We have received our approval letter from the IRS.
